Why haven't you heard of the fame of Kowloon Hall?
I still don't know the consequences of provoking the Kowloon Hall
Hmph, Kowloon Hall is all created by me
You asked me the consequences of provoking the Kowloon Hall
Tell me what the consequences are.
Hahahahaha
Did I hear it right?
Kowloon Hall was created by you
Li Wushuang, I think you are crazy
How dare you pretend to be Lord Sword Lord?
I'm afraid you don't know the methods of Kowloon Hall, right?
Still here crazy to die
Lord Zunlong, did you see it?
He actually pretended to be Lord Sword Lord in front of you
Immortal, he awakened the might of our Kowloon Hall
Boy, I order you to kneel immediately
Cut your tongue and never speak
It might spare your life
Otherwise, destroy your whole family
Nonsense, how can you pretend to be a witness?
That's a legend the world adores
Can't imitate
You quickly kneel down and apologize to the honorable lord
It's not okay to pretend to be Lord Sword Master and admit your mistake
Must kneel now
Cut his tongue
Otherwise it will bring disaster to your whole family
Why brag too much?
Now I'm finally in trouble
Lord Aoxue Zonglun is your godfather
You help me beg
I kneel down for you
What? What are you doing?
Why are you begging him?
nonsense
You made a huge mistake by risking thousands of adults
That's a disaster
You hurry up and kneel down and talk to Lord Respect, it's not Mom
I'm not lying.
I am really the owner of Kowloon Shop, Jianzun